So we added all the components we created to our templates.
Now let's fine tune them and Eddie content.
We want to have their starting in the header.
Of course I don't want to have to say age one th year.
Instead I will use a couple of bootstrap classes to create a nice looking header so I'll create a wrapping
naff element and on this element I'll add the nav bar class and the nav bar default.
Again these are just bootstrap classes which will give me this default bootstrap header in there.
I'll place a container of fluid div to have my own view container basically in there and the first thing
I want to have here is a header.
For that we get the nav bar header class.
We can add to a div and in this day for want of a clickable header.
So at anchor or tag with pointing to a hash.
For now as will later of course add a route there once we learned how to do this and this should have
the class nav bar Rand to give to this brand like textile.
I'll say recipe book here since this is the name of our application so that's the header part of our
headers so the main brand part.
Now let's work on the actual links for this.
I'll add a diff which will receive the call EPS class and then the nav bar call class.
Now I won't really use the collapse feature.
I won't add a hamburger.
I can hear as you will not have many links on our head or any ways but this gives us some nice styles.
And of course collops you should have I eat at the end like that.
So any year I now want to have a group of list items so a group of links in the end will be an ordered
list with the CSA as classes Neph and then nav bar neph.
So make sure you create is unordered list with these classes and in there if we add some list items
they will actually sit next to each other so they will automatically be positioned correctly by bootstrap
each list item should hold a link.
So here I'll add the anchor tag all the pointing to Chesed hash for now one for the recipe section and
the second one for the shopping list section.
Now with that added I'll add another area in my header here.
This will be a number an ordered list which will receive two classes Nav. and now owns the nav bar.
Never like before but then also nav bar right to position DS links at the right and actually this will
only be one link here which will receive a class of dropdown list item.
Will because later we will add our own directive which will turn us into a working dropdown where we
can then she has some options to store our data on a server something that will also implement later
in this course or fetch it from there.
So in the dropdown I simply want to have my dropdown menu which when using bootstrap is added by adding
an ordered list with the class dropdown menu.
So this will halti items offers dropdown and here I'll add a couple of list items which all hold some
links pointing to chust hash for now one for saving data.
And one for fetching data again this will be filled with working code later.
So that's my header.
Let's save it and see how it looks.
Looks ok.
I don't see my drop down there.
The brand looks off.
So I'm not entirely happy with that.
Let's see what is wrong.
The brand is not working because that should be nav bar not have age in between so if you fix this the
brand looks all right.
Now what's wrong with the dropdown.
Well the dropdown simply misses the link we would see to open the dropdown because there's an order
class here simply the content of the dropdown.
We of course also need a link to trigger it.
So let's add a anchor tech pointing to a hash tag here.
We're able to say manage just manage maybe you could of course change that text and dish should have
a class of dropdown toggle because this will be the button talking the drop down in the end.
Therefore it will have a roll of button to add some accessibility to it is not required for this to
work correctly though.
And with this now if you save it as we see the dropdown it would be nice to have a little arrow next
to it indicating that it is a dropdown.
So next to manage I'll add a span with a class of Caray which will give us this arrow pointing to the
bottom.
This arrow here and now we get a drop down.
It won't work if we click it because we haven't added any code which would open the drop down.
We will do this after the directives section though.
So the head is now working.
With that let's move on.
Let's work on our recipes section